docs: known issue for Palette agent 4.5.14 and custom path in user-data (#5502)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/known-issues.md

> | For clusters deployed with <VersionedLink text="Palette eXtended Kubernetes - Edge (PXK-E)" url="/integrations/packs/?pack=edge-k8s"/>, [agent mode](../deployment-modes/agent-mode/agent-mode.md), and Palette agent version 4.5.14, adding a custom path entry to the **user-data** file causes cluster creation to fail as it cannot find [kubeadm](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/setup-tools/kubeadm/).                                                                                                                                                                        | No workaround available. Refer to [Identify the Target Agent Version](../clusters/edge/cluster-management/agent-upgrade-airgap.md#identify-the-target-agent-version) for guidance in retrieving your Palette agent version number.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | January 20, 2025   | Edge                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| For clusters deployed with <VersionedLink text="Palette eXtended Kubernetes - Edge (PXK-E)" url="/integrations/packs/?pack=edge-k8s"/>, [agent mode](../deployment-modes/agent-mode/agent-mode.md), and Palette agent version 4.5.14, adding a custom path entry to the **user-data** file causes cluster creation to fail.                                                                                                                                                                        | No workaround available. Refer to [Identify the Target Agent Version](../clusters/edge/cluster-management/agent-upgrade-airgap.md#identify-the-target-agent-version) for guidance in retrieving your Palette agent version number.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | January 19, 2025   | Edge                         |
```

Reviewer: Do we need that last part? Also I think let's leave the date to the release date.

Author: @addetz  I'm happy to remove it, but if users encountered that specific error, they would more easily search and find this known issue in the docs.

I'll adjust the release date for sure.

Author: ```suggestion
| For clusters deployed with <VersionedLink text="Palette eXtended Kubernetes - Edge (PXK-E)" url="/integrations/packs/?pack=edge-k8s"/>, [agent mode](../deployment-modes/agent-mode/agent-mode.md), and Palette agent version 4.5.14, adding a custom `stylus.path` to the **user-data** file causes cluster creation to fail as it cannot find [kubeadm](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/setup-tools/kubeadm/).                                                                                                                                                                        | No workaround available. Refer to [Identify the Target Agent Version](../clusters/edge/cluster-management/agent-upgrade-airgap.md#identify-the-target-agent-version) for guidance in retrieving your Palette agent version number.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | January 19, 2025   | Edge                         |
```

> | For clusters deployed with <VersionedLink text="Palette eXtended Kubernetes - Edge (PXK-E)" url="/integrations/packs/?pack=edge-k8s"/> and [agent mode](../deployment-modes/agent-mode/agent-mode.md) on Palette agent version 4.5.14, adding a custom `stylus.path` to the **user-data** file causes cluster creation to fail as it cannot find [kubeadm](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/setup-tools/kubeadm/).                                                                                                                                                                    | Review the [Troubleshooting - Edge](../troubleshooting/edge.md) section for workarounds. Refer to [Identify the Target Agent Version](../clusters/edge/cluster-management/agent-upgrade-airgap.md#identify-the-target-agent-version) for guidance in retrieving your Palette agent version number.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | January 19, 2025   | Edge                         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| For clusters deployed with <VersionedLink text="Palette eXtended Kubernetes - Edge (PXK-E)" url="/integrations/packs/?pack=edge-k8s"/> and [agent mode](../deployment-modes/agent-mode/agent-mode.md) on Palette agent version 4.5.14, adding a custom `stylus.path` to the **user-data** file causes cluster creation to fail as it cannot find [kubeadm](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/setup-tools/kubeadm/).                                                                                                                                                                    | Review the [Edge Troubleshooting](../troubleshooting/edge.md) section for workarounds. Refer to [Identify the Target Agent Version](../clusters/edge/cluster-management/agent-upgrade-airgap.md#identify-the-target-agent-version) for guidance in retrieving your Palette agent version number.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | January 19, 2025   | Edge                         |
```
maybe? :)
